= Zynch
[http://zynch.zogovic.com]

Zynch is a web service that provides real time website analytics.
Its a demo project done for elance client.

== Authentication
Authentication is handled with Devise gem

== Tracking
Similar to google analytics, tracker script is loaded asynchronously.
Tracker script detects browser features and then creates another request to send those facts to the server.
Tracker script (zys.js) is minified using google closure compiler API, and then cached using rails page caching. Cache is destroyed on server restart.

By combining javascript information with request headers, various information is being extracted about the user:
* page url
* page title and charset
* screen resolution and color depth
* flash player version
* browser language
* java presence
* browser type and version
* operating system
* ip address and country

Country detection is done on per-session basis using www.geoplugin.net service.

== Statistics
From acquired data, various real-time statistics are available to user:
* visits and pageviews per month
* page views per visit
* visit duration by month
* visits and pageviews by day
* top 5 entry pages
* top 5 exit pages
* visits by browser
* visits by operating system
* visits by screen resolution
* visits by flash player version
* visits by countries
* visits by languages

Google charting API is used for drawing all reports.

== Thor tasks
Thor task is created in order to provide some sample data for testing.
Basic usage is:
thor account:sample_for account_email -c 100 -e production